The task is to plan and create a simple web application, using Laravel. This coursework involves writing
the front-end of the web application and should be based on coursework 1.
There is a total of 50 marks available for this coursework. This coursework is worth 15% of your total
grade for this module.
The web application should have the following basic functionality:
1. Users can create posts and comment on their own and other users’ posts.
2. Basic analytics is displayed for posts, for example number of unique views.
You could create a simple blog where the admin can post articles which users can comment on, or a
simple version of canvas where admin (or lecturers) can post lecture slides and students can comment on
them. This is the basic functionality only; it is up to you to look at the mark scheme and
add functionality to evidence various skills. Plan this before you start.
Authentication [5 marks]
The web application should have full authentication system using Laravel Fortify or Breeze and require
users to login before they can access any data
User Dashboard [6 marks]
A user should be able to access a page that shows them a list of posts.
User Resource [5 marks]
The web application should support the ability for creation and deletion of users.
Administrator Access [6 marks]
Further to the authentication requirements above, a user should only be able to modify data on the
application if they are the owner of that post. If they are an administrator then they can access all
functionality of the application.
Working with Data [6 marks]
Users can create and edit posts. A post can be any type of data (image, text, etc). Validation has been
implemented when users enter data.
Desired Enhancement [6 marks]
As an entrancement all users should be able to edit some of their personal details such as name and
emdial address.
Usability and Look & Feel [8 marks]
The web application should look decent and use a CSS framework such as Bootstrap. The end-user of the
web application should be able to navigate and use the it with easy and see no technical artefacts (such
as "null" strings). The basic Laravel landing page should be adjusted to be relevant for this coursework.
Page 1 of 3
CSF304 – Coursework 2 Due: 03/12/2025 at 11:00am
Code Quality [8 marks]
The web application should be written to a high standard and apply all the coding conventions that we
have looked at in this module (and others). Code should not be repeated.
Marking Scheme
Marks are allocated as follows:
• Authentication - 5 marks
• User Dashboard - 6 marks
• User Resource - 5 marks
• Administrator Access - 6 marks
• Working with Data 6 marks
• Desired Enhancement - 6 marks
• Usability and Look & Feel - 8 marks
• Code Quality - 8 marks
The marks will be awarded based on the functionality and quality of each category above. Please see the
rubric for coursework 2 for a better breakdown of marks.



BELOW IS THE HIGHEST BAND FOR EACH SECTION IN THE MARKING RUBRIC


3-5 Marks: Fully implemented authentication
system in done with either Laravel Fortify or
Breeze.

-6 Marks: A user dashboard page fully
implemented

-5 Marks: A fully implemented user resource
where we can create and delete users. Clicking
on the user's name takes you to view with all
their posts and comments listed. Users can only
edit items and comments which they
themselves posted, unless a role permits them
(admin). Users get notificaiton when someone
else intereacts with their post or comment.


3-6 Marks: Fully implemented adminsistrator
controls where they can modify data for users.
Adminstrators can also register new accounts
for users. In general adminstrators have access
to all functionality on the web appliaction

4-6 Marks: Users can upload images which are
displayed with their posts


3-6 Marks: Fully implemented editing of user
details. A user can only edit their own details.


6-8 Marks: The web application looks good and
uses a CSS framework like Bootstrap. There are
no technical artefacts and no default views like
a laravel landing page. Usability has clearly been
considered as well with implementations such as
not using an ID of a model but instead its name.


6-8 Marks: Code quality is of a high standard
with applied coding convetions. Techniques like
Route Model Binding is being used to remove
repeated code.